all right folks how you doing hope
everybody's doing well
and this is just a
kind of like a prep to get your mindset
correct on what's coming in two days and
on the youtube channel
i want you to understand going forward
that
obviously you are
familiar with my moniker i've dubbed
myself the demo baller
and
i've always talked through the medium of
a demo account for my own protection
and i've had students come in to my fold
and
question whether or not it was
something that could work in live
accounts because they themselves
couldn't make it work
in either a demo or paper trading
because either they could not find it in
themselves to submit to the process and
the time required for their own
individual development or
they rushed and did things foolishly
outside of the instructions that i
provide
in mentoring
so there's a
small faction of
individuals on the internet that believe
that these things that i teach don't
work in a live account
and it's never really been an interest
in
me really to see people
fall over me and believe everything i
say
i've challenged everyone
to put the things i teach to test see if
the things i'm teaching you are in fact
in the marketplace do they deliver
more times than that
does it
provide you a way of finding consistency
over a week not every single day
perfection because i can't provide that
i don't even trade perfectly like that
a new trader can new teacher can provide
100 accuracy
but
the way i teach and the way you'll see
me mentoring on this channel in two days
is i take the earners okay all of you
that are not trading yet or have tried
trading and failed
you're yearning to learn how to do this
okay so
i'm teaching with that mindset now some
of you obviously may have already been
with me and found some consistency and
some of you are doing exceedingly well
and that's amazing that's great and i'm
thankful for all of that
but
this is really meant for
specifically
it's for my daughter okay so i sat down
and figured i'd kill two birds at one
stone
and
if i can show a simplistic way of going
in using the things that i teach
stripping it down
to
its chrome
okay no bells and whistles no advanced
theories or anything like that what can
i do to provide a model that my daughter
could look at and say okay there's not a
lot of moving parts it's real simple for
me to decide what it is i want to do and
also when not to do something okay and
some of you may already be
completely upset with that idea because
you want me to come out here and lay an
arsenal in your hands of high-tech
weaponry
it's
been my experience that the highest form
of analysis concepts that i've been
teaching in my own personal mentorship
many times creates
exceptional traders yes
but
the majority of them
in them being my students
they get bogged down in all of the
content and it just creates
analysis paralysis and it's just too
many things for them to decide because
like kid in the candy store
you know what do you eat first and while
you're still chewing on the first thing
what are you going to reach for next
okay so if you don't have discipline and
this is a personal responsibility
characteristic that all of you gonna
have to
really
assume okay because i can lay the things
in your hands
but
if you don't respect the fact that they
have sharp edges
okay or
if you use live ammunition before you're
really properly trained you could hurt
yourself okay
so with that idea in mind um
i'll be teaching
a stripped down version
of
my concepts in a mentorship
style
so that way you can go through the
process of learning how to do
a specific trading model
and i'll keep things germane to that
model not trying to bring in too many
things
and one of the approaches is to trade it
with index features okay and if you are
not interested in trading futures that's
fine you can still trade
4x with these concepts as well but i
kind of like want to drive it with
futures
i actually began trading in 1992 as a
commodity and futures trader and i moved
away from grains and cattle and gold
silver crude oil all those types of
markets and moved into
the bond market the 30-year treasury
bond and the s p
so when that
became my cup of tea if you will
i became a better trader intraday
and i put down the pursuit of trying to
be a long term position trader because i
felt that that would be the best thing
for me because at the time i was working
a job and had to balance all those
things like working class individuals
need to do they have to commute back and
forth to work and those types of things
so
i figured position trading would be the
thing for me and i found out that it
didn't work for me okay so i liked the
idea of short-term trading intraday
trading it made sense to me because i
can make quick decisions
that may not be
your style of trading i will teach you
how to apply the things i'm going to
teach
on the youtube channel how you can scale
that up into any time frame so that way
there's no excuse for you not to be able
to use the information to at least
better your understanding in price
action okay so here's my promises to you
i promise you you're going to learn
things that absolutely repeat
a lot
you are not going
to be perfect it's not my goal to make
you a perfect trader it's not my goal to
make you a perfect analyst
my goal is to improve your understanding
about price action how price is
delivered
and how to read the bias on an intraday
basis a daily basis and
hopefully over a short-term period of
time you can find setups that repeat
and they have common characteristics
that are very similar
but they won't be identical no no they
won't be
carbon copies but you'll see
similarities that to know and trust that
this is a setup that you are familiar
with okay
and because you were all
being viewed as
yearners okay you are all yearning to
learn how to do this
there's three stages in this youtube
mentorship okay i'm treating you all as
green horns okay you're just yearning to
do this a lot of you
that begin this youtube mentorship will
not complete it because you're gonna get
frustrated because you want something
else
or a
alternative a way of
me teaching it to you i'm not going to
take suggestions from anybody on how to
teach it differently this is the way i'm
going to teach it so it's as is
it will not be setups given to you for
trades but i will take your attention
before the fact and draw them
out on a chart where i want you to study
where price will likely draw to next
and using the things i teach you
conceptually it's your job to study that
okay do not look at that as a trade
setup do not look at that as a
enticement to take a live trade
so it's my
intentions
to take
the yearners that want to learn how to
do this through a process of becoming
structured learners
so you're going from yearning to
learning and hopefully at your
discretion and timing you'll become an
earner okay so
learner
earner okay
so
those three stages
are what i'm going to take you through
it's not going to be an entire year
mentorship i'm going to do probably
three or four months
but before we get into it i want you to
know that
i will not be providing any content to
the youtube channel or
my own personal mentorship
during the month of march okay so march
i will not be
doing anything i'll be on vacation and
we're gonna be doing several road trips
so i will not be
working for you
okay
so if
you can accept that then i think over
the next coming months
it should be rather entertaining and
interesting for you as a student
so you're looking at this screen here
and one of the things i promised i would
do in 2022 is to
show you
how some of these concepts would work in
an environment outside of a demo account
i've always used the moniker
demo baller because
that's my name i gave myself that to
kind of like
champion the idea that i'm teaching
through a demo but if i can teach you
through a demo and things are repeating
you can see your charts
okay whether it's a live platform or if
it's a demo you're seeing the things
that i teach and if you've been
fortunate enough to be in my presence
when i'm calling it beforehand
it's very rewarding and you all on
youtube will have those experiences as
well
but the main thing is for you not to
grow a dependency on me pointing to
everything before it happens because if
you do that or if you have that mindset
going in it's going to stunt your growth
and in fact it's going to create a
barrier for you
because it'll create a codependency
state of mind and i don't want that i
try to foster a
independent mindset where you're
independently coming to the decisions on
your own it's that way the results are
yours if it's success you own it if you
failed you own that too i can't co-sign
for your failure and some of you
absolutely will fail i said this many
times openly and
every time i've been asked
in 2016 i started a paid mentorship
and i have students from that time
period that are still trying to find
their way and they cannot make these
things work for themselves
i have other students from 2016 that are
absolutely
mind-blowing results and i have students
from my mentorship group that was the
final class in 2021 i'm not taking new
enrollment so don't ask
that group i have traders that are doing
very well as well so it's not a
shortcoming on what it is they're being
taught it's just an individual unique
experience that you have to grow and go
through and i can't speed it up for you
any more than i already done so i'm
optimistic but i'm a realist i know some
of you simply will not do the things i
ask you to do you will not do them
effectively and you'll try to short
cut certain things and you'll think that
you don't need to do this and don't do
that and your results will be
reduced
because of that so if i suggest things
to you drills homework things to study
do your best to participate in that okay
and
even if you can't do it live
you know there's other ways to go
through and look at it it's not the same
as seeing it live but it's
the best you can do because some of you
have businesses some of you have school
jobs okay let's be real
and you may have family things that keep
you also from being able to watch live
data in the times i'm asking you to do
it
i'm not going to jump through hoops i'm
not going to do acrobatics to make it
you know feasible for every single one
of you okay it's unrealistic for you any
of you to have that expectation of me
because i don't need to be doing this i
love doing it i'm looking forward to
doing it but i want to make sure all of
you have the right mindset okay
so in 2022 i promised that you would see
how these
concepts work
in an environment outside of a demo
account and what would that mean
well it would mean
not well not an mt4 platform because
years ago it's been shown how frauds and
fakes can use that platform to pretend
that they're profitable that they can
find setups and that their trading is
amazing
and they can go in and edit their trades
after the fact after the market's
already moved
well i've already proven that i don't do
those types of things and i went to
tradingview and that was the platform
that i asked my community so which which
platform should i use if i'm going away
from mt4
i want to go to a platform that's
reputable so i teach and you'll see me
teaching through
tradingview so that's the medium that we
use
it's familiar to me because i'm teaching
mentorship students through that but
if that's not your platform of choice
you're just going to have to get used to
me teaching through that medium because
i'm not going to do something in
addition to okay
but for
a live account
i felt that
td ameritrade is very reputable
and that it is
regulated by the commodity futures
trading commission and all of the other
gardening bodies
uh i cannot
rig this to make it look like i'm
smarter okay i can't go back in and
change
a trade
i can't fix it okay i can't add lipstick
to it okay it either is or isn't
a profitable trade okay it's as simple
as that
td ameritrade uses
the
margins
that are accepted and
established in the industry
and some of you may not be able to
trade a market because of margin don't
let that be a hindrance i'll show you
how to work around that
in other platforms while i don't
personally use an mt4 account
for teachings or or trading live funds
or anything like that
i'm
confident that students that are trying
to learn how to do this they can still
use mt4 or mt5 or any other platform for
that matter
i as an educator though
moved away from those
platforms because they can be gained
okay in other words they can be used to
fraud
and
fake
results okay so in treating you you've
seen examples after examples of me going
in recording an entry
calling the moves as it happens without
the replay button because replay doesn't
let you do
trade entries okay and replay only shows
you a completed candlestick it doesn't
show you the generation of the open all
the price action up and down to the
close of every individual candlestick so
i've had a lot of folks
over the years asked me to show live
account show live account show live
account
and
one of the things that kept me from
wanting to do is because if i show
results of any kind
right away
and this is how i viewed it too as a
developing student in the 1990s
that
made me feel like
i'm never going to get it because their
results were way above
what i could do as a
learning
developing student i had no idea what i
was doing in 1992
but to see people say yeah i made fifty
thousand dollars in the soybean market
okay or i made eighty thousand dollars
in coffee
well
that to me was a very
huge mountain decline like i have to do
that
it just it felt impossible
but i also didn't want to give results
that were so low end that it didn't
inspire an interest in
having people want to learn it
so because this business is extremely
unique and personal
it's both the easiest thing you'll ever
do and sometimes
for many of you is the most impossible
thing to be successful at and that
sounds like an oxymoron it sounds like
double talk and it is but it isn't how's
that for
a rib
you can't
appreciate how difficult it is until you
start treating life funds
but before you start treatment life
funds
in your in the consistently
quote unquote profitable demo trading
stage you feel like you can do anything
but something magical happens when you
go into a live account where now
suddenly every little tick means
something to you
because it means
success or failure on an individual
basis whereas if you lose in a demo
account yeah you didn't really lose
anything
you can take another demo trade but with
live account trading
you have to deal with that drawdown
in that loss
and making money in an account is
sometimes worse than losing money
because it will make you feel like you
want another taste of that and it
creates opportunities for you to go into
over trade
and or over leverage and both of those
things we'll talk about in the youtube
mentorship
how to avoid some of those things
but it's up to you
to avoid them okay and
it takes a lot of ownership
personally and the responsibility that
is required to do this is
paramount okay you cannot have anybody
else
take responsibility for your actions
it's your actions and if you do well you
earned it
if you don't do well you hate you have
to eat it okay it's the way it is
and too many people are weak-minded in
this world that they will never become
successful traders no matter who teaches
them what whatever thing they use
they're gonna be a failure okay that's
just the way it is and there's no way
around that i can't fix
and improve everyone's shortcomings
i have my own personal issues that i
fight and wrestle with internally and
it's not easy
like i'm obsessively compulsive and i
have i have adv it's
all these things okay that
make it difficult for me and i'm bipolar
so i have a lot of mental
barriers
but if i can sit down
and frame out an idea that
repeats at least once a week
i'm confident that those individuals out
there that are like me or without these
barriers
can do it as well that's my personal
belief it doesn't make it fact it
doesn't make it true it just means
that's my belief and i've seen
case studies in my own students where
that's true
it's a transferable
skill
but the skill must be honed
by you the student
so anyway i promised i would show some
results
in 2022 outside of a demo account so i
used td ameritrade but years ago i was
asked to show a
regulated broker
non-mt4
and
i felt that td ameritrade was a better
choice
outside of
you know the standard
forex account brokers because with td
ameritrade you can trade forex you can
trade futures you can trade
commodities stocks options you can bond
up everything out there you can treat it
okay so
eventually over time if you do become
successful when you're profitable you
want to go with a broker that allows you
to have access to all those vehicles
because there's certain times of the
year certain asset classes just aren't
going to do very well but others will in
this type of broker
and i'm not repping td ameritrade i
don't get anything for it i'm not an
introducing broker i'm just saying that
when i'm showing results
in an account that is not demo
this is the broker that i deposited
funds with so that way we know what i'm
saying here i'm not telling you to go
here and trade okay
i have
only traded a few trades with this
broker but i can tell you their fills
are immediate
their confirmations are
solid i haven't had any
problems
technically it's just i'm fumbling with
the layouts the way things are
made available to me because it's just
like anything else when i'm transitioned
from mt4
teaching from that being very
comfortable that going into
treating view
it's very cumbersome and i'm still
clumsy with it when i'm teaching
and
i'm finding it a little bit cumbersome
here as well because i just don't know
where they have certain things i don't
know how to
make the charts
scalable as faces i want them to be
and like i'm used to doing it with
tradestation or tradingview or mt4
so it's just a learning process but it
doesn't change the fact that if you know
how to trade then
the trades are easy
so i keep everything very simple you
know i use
limits and markets
to get in and i just collapse a trade
when it gets to a target of my choice so
that's all i'm showing you here today
it's just to show you that the things
i'm going to be showing you
are applicable
on paper
and in demo
and the same logic is used here and
while this is not a lot of money it's
only twenty three thousand was it six
hundred ninety four dollars and eleven
cents
it's not
something to brag about let's just put
it that way but it's something that's
not demo it's something that won't stay
at that level and my objective is
to teach conceptually
a hypothetical income based strategy
okay it's not a
trying to beat the world cup
okay it's not
trying to do better than every instagram
trader out there it's just
trying to teach
how someone can take
another opportunity and hopefully in the
best case scenario and i can't guarantee
or promise it to you but i'm going to
certainly do my best to do what i know
and how i can teach it so that way you
can be at least inspired to make an
attempt to try
okay
and because i believe that things are
about to get really really hard for
everyone
financially
and
without going into great detail just
look around the world and you know what
i'm talking about
but
this is the e-mini s p march delivery
contract for 2022 okay and it's a two
minute chart
and i want you to see
the
port of entry here
this is a short it took
and the cover was here
and
another one here a small little scalp
and then here
and then
over here i'm showing you so that way
you can see there was no other
trades after that short or two shorts
rather and then today i slept in
and i just want to have something in
addition to what i already have here
this is kind of like one of the setups
that you're going to learn
in the mentorship
where
the entries here
and exits here
okay not a lot of handles okay handle
would be like 45 67 to 45 68.
so that's four ticks or one full handle
in this market it's 50 per handle
or per four ticks so every one tick is
twelve dollars and fifty cents
above this high
is buy stops and i was targeting that
here
running into that okay so
very very simple strategy
optimal trade entry you don't need to
get in at this level here okay i'm going
to teach you how to have forgiving
entries
you don't need to be highly precise
about your entries but you need to be
precise about the directional bias and
where it's going okay where's price
reaching for
and that's kind of like what i'm showing
you in this mentorship on the youtube
channel so if i have
at least
given you the opportunity to find setups
conceptually
if that's the case
then
over time if you submit yourself to it
you'll find more setups than you'd ever
imagine because they're there a lot in
excess of these lower time frames
so
in a nutshell what am i saying here i'm
saying that if you can learn how to take
25 handles
okay if you can take 25 handles out of a
market like the e-mini s p
you may not have the margin
12 13 000 or whatever it is to trade one
contract of this market you don't need
to have that you can trade the micros
and while you're not making fifty
dollars per handle on e-mini s p you're
making five dollars per handle you can
still graduate over time and build that
up and it's not a lot of
initial margin that's required to do
that
or if you're outside the u.s you can
trade a cfd
and trade the u.s 500 market
through like an mt4
account
and again
i'm just going to touch on that i'm not
suggesting that you should especially
those individuals in the states because
it's actually illegal for you to trade
that because it doesn't go through a
regulated extreme exchange like a
futures market would so that makes it
illegal for us traders to do that
so we have to in the u.s trade through
the futures market and they have been
nice enough to provide micro
accounts for vehicles like the e-mini s
p
and the nasdaq
they have micro accounts so
whatever the multiplier would be on the
regular mini
it's just reduced
to a smaller level in terms of margin
and tick value
and i'll cover all that stuff it's i've
made it very very simple or at least
that's been the goal i'm having going
into this i'll make it very very simple
for all of you
to look at it
say okay i don't have to have a thousand
moving parts i can go in and simply look
at things that make sense
and if you can visually understand what
it is i'm teaching
you'll see that it doesn't require a lot
of chart graffiti okay things that are
very distracting do you look at this
chart here and see a lot of things that
would be mysterious no very simple
little things i'll draw a line to
highlight a level that i want to see
breached
okay and a level where i want to see it
reach up into and that's the basis of
understanding how the markets work
within a liquidity
matrix you have buy side and sell side
and once you have that understanding and
i'll teach some of those things in the
mentorship
you'll be able to find setups that
repeat
at least one good setup a week
but if you can find 25 handles a week
in the e-mini market
you can do very very well with that
very very well you don't need to hit
home runs
and here's my inspiration to you in
closing
if we're looking at a market that
provides uh setups
and let's just say your mortgage
or your rent
is say 1500 it may not be that much it
may be actually more than that i'm just
going to say let's say it's 1500
what happens if you can earn enough
to make 50 or all of that a month
going forward
would that not be beneficial to you
that's the mindset i want you all to
have or let's say you have a car mode
in your car payment and your car
insurance
if you could find a way to have that
money
come to you by your own speculation over
time not right away i'm not suggesting
all of you are going to do this in the
same year
but over time if you submit to the
process i outlined for you
my belief is my personal belief my
honest opinion is i believe that it is
possible now anyone can say oh
anything's possible
but i believe the things i'm going to
show you
are things that you'll be able to spot
on your own now i'm going to coach you
throughout the coming months showing you
where certain things may deliver
but i don't want you
to
feel like you need that
so i'll teach you how to anticipate
certain things on your own and then you
check
yourself with the things i reveal or do
a review with
and
my belief is that you'll be better at
reading price
when i'm done doing this youtube
internship
and again i don't think i'm going to be
doing more than four months and that
four months is actually including
the month of march where nothing
nothing's getting uploaded nothing in my
private mentorship or on youtube so i
will be
vacationing that entire month so i'll be
doing those
things during the month of march and
then in april i'll return back to the
mentor
that i am in my private mentorship and
i'll return back to the delivery of the
lessons on the youtube channel so what
does this schedule look like
for this mentorship on youtube
obviously friday will be your first
episode
and then it'll be a tuesday and thursday
upload
there will be
assignments and pdf files
provided for your learning
throughout the week i'm not promising
any specific schedule on that but you'll
be able to see them if you go to my
community tab i'll
provide a way for you to get to the
information and download it
and i think that if you submit to this
you'll be
far better than you are right now about
reading price
expecting
certain things to deliver
and you'll find that it's not as
challenging when you have a good mentor
and you have sound logic
and it's not over complicated and that's
my goal going in and until talk to you
on friday
be safe